CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Guide to Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. All contributors agree to the following
1. You have permission and any required rights to submit your contribution.
2. Your contribution is provided under the license of this project and may be redistributed as such.
3. All contributions to this project are public.
4. All contributions must be "signed off" in the commit log.
4. Adding your name to the list below indicates your acceptance of these these points.

## Contribution Mechanisms
All contributions to this project should be done through "Pull Requests" except for those individuals that have direct commit rights on the repository. This is important so that we can track changes and contributions effectively.

## Getting Started
Follow the following steps to add your name to this document. You'll need a GitHub account. After that, make any changes that you want and issue pull requests to contribute back to the project.

### Adding your name below via the web interface
1. Fork the repository on GitHub. This creates a copy of the project that you can work on without directly having access to the main project. If you are reading this at github.com/doecode, look for the gray "fork" button in the top right and click it.
2. Click the link to this file in your fork, then click the gray pencil to "Edit this file." 
3. Edit this file in your fork and add your name, email, and the date to the 'Contributors' list below.
4. Add a commit message. Be sure to add "Signed-off-by: Your Name &lt;your@email.com>" in the comment box.
5. Choose "Commit changes."
6. Create a "Pull Request" to submit this back to the main project.

### Adding your name below by checking out the repository to your machine
1. Fork the repository on GitHub. This creates a copy of the project that you can work on without directly having access to the main project. If you are reading this at github.com/doecode, look for the gray "fork" button in the top right and click it.
2. Checkout the project on your local machine. 
3. Open this file in your IDE or favorite editor. Add your name, email, and the date to the 'Contributors' list below.
4. Commit your changes. Add "-s" on the command line or check the appropriate box in your IDE or Git client to "sign-off" on your commit. 
5. Push your changes.
6. Create a "Pull Request" to submit this back to the main project.

## Getting access to the main project
Direct commit access to the project is currently restricted to only a few individuals. All other contributions should be done through pull requests.

## Contacting the Team
The best mechanism for contacting the team is to "open a ticket."

## Contributors ##
-Jay Jay Billings, billingsjj &lt;at> ornl DOT gov, 20160708
-Lance Vowell, vowelll &lt;at> osti DOT gov, 20160708

Commit message:

Added contributors statement.
Updated the contributing block to point back to the master DOECode block so that people don't have to sign twice.

Signed-off-by: Jay Jay Billings <billingsjj@ornl.gov>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Guide to Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. All contributors agree to the following
1. You have permission and any required rights to submit your contribution.
2. Your contribution is provided under the license of this project and may be redistributed as such.
3. All contributions to this project are public.
4. All contributions must be "signed off" in the commit log.
4. Adding your name to the list below indicates your acceptance of these these points.

## Contribution Mechanisms
All contributions to this project should be done through "Pull Requests" except for those individuals that have direct commit rights on the repository. This is important so that we can track changes and contributions effectively.

## Getting Started
Follow the following steps to add your name to this document. You'll need a GitHub account. After that, make any changes that you want and issue pull requests to contribute back to the project.

### Adding your name below via the web interface
1. Fork the repository on GitHub. This creates a copy of the project that you can work on without directly having access to the main project. If you are reading this at github.com/doecode, look for the gray "fork" button in the top right and click it.
2. Click the link to this file in your fork, then click the gray pencil to "Edit this file." 
3. Edit this file in your fork and add your name, email, and the date to the 'Contributors' list below.
4. Add a commit message. Be sure to add "Signed-off-by: Your Name &lt;your@email.com>" in the comment box.
5. Choose "Commit changes."
6. Create a "Pull Request" to submit this back to the main project.

### Adding your name below by checking out the repository to your machine
1. Fork the repository on GitHub. This creates a copy of the project that you can work on without directly having access to the main project. If you are reading this at github.com/doecode, look for the gray "fork" button in the top right and click it.
2. Checkout the project on your local machine. 
3. Open this file in your IDE or favorite editor. Add your name, email, and the date to the 'Contributors' list below.
4. Commit your changes. Add "-s" on the command line or check the appropriate box in your IDE or Git client to "sign-off" on your commit. 
5. Push your changes.
6. Create a "Pull Request" to submit this back to the main project.

## Getting access to the main project
Direct commit access to the project is currently restricted to only a few individuals. All other contributions should be done through pull requests.

## Contacting the Team
The best mechanism for contacting the team is to "open a ticket."

## Contributors ##
* Jay Jay Billings, billingsjj &lt;at> ornl DOT gov, 20160708
* Lance Vowell, vowelll &lt;at> osti DOT gov, 20160708

This project inherits is contributors from the main DOECode project such that in addition to those listed above, the contributors listed at [DOECode](https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) are contributors on this project too.
